# cs305
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address? 																																																							artemis is a financiall company that was the client they wanted have a security assment done to see what vulnerabilities they had  they wanted us to adress that by adding security to make the applaction more secure.
What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?																																 i did well at the checksum and the marven depency check. i got these to work with little issue. it is important to secure the code you write as that could be what stops an attack on a hospital or stop the leak of personal data. the valvue it adds is that no one was trust a company or do work with them if they ar not secure it also adds value to the company by not opening them selfes up to a lawsuit.
Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? 																										Getting the Certificate Generation as i could not get the https secure verison to work. Learning how to do a dependency check was helpful.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?																																																			 we used algothims to add security then we checked it to see what vulnerabilities we had, then we had to implete code to make certificates to limit outside threats.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? 																																					The way i would check to see if i added new vuneribiltys are by running a maven dependency check to what ones came up. in one of the assiments we added a program to generate a certificates so you can check the  legitimacy of the code and stop unauthorized access.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? we used check sum,dependency check. 																																																						We added a check sum after we decided on what algorithm the check sum showed us the algorithum we used and the hash value.some resouse that i used were books on how to write code in java. coding pratices i found helpful were peer review and testing the code in stages
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? 																														 one example is our github account as it shows what we have learned trough out our degree.  for a single assiment i would show them the check sum to show i can search for vulnerabilities.
